presentation/slides/index.md, before:

- title : DRAGON TREATS: THE BLENDING OF THE PARADIGMS 
- description : A talk about dragons and treats and F#
- author : Andrea Magnorsky, Ross McKinlay
- theme : solarized
- transition : default

***
![dragons](images/dragon.jpg)


' thanks for coming to this talk

***
- data-background : images/blending.jpg
- data-background-size : 1500px

## DRAGON TREATS: 
### ~ THE BLENDING OF THE PARADIGMS ~ 

### F# Exchange - April 2016

***
## Dragons

![m](https://dragonicecreamtreats.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/dragon-master-e1407382525282.jpg)

***
## Treats


***
## What is in a game


' how does the game work 


***

## Why SDL

' mention ernest
' what is sdl high level
' game loop
' cross platform
' conflict between the two paradigm

' mention some of the stuff 
' inmutable vs imperative

***
## Steering Behaviours : Seek

---

## Wander

***

## Quad Trees



***
## Artificial stupidity

## Path finding 

' steering behaviour easy because functional and  
' path finding not so 
' shared mutable states
' use sorted set 
' use manhatan distance
' can we use some fewer types 



***

## some sort of conclusion?

***

## Events and User Groups

![fk](images/fk.jpeg)

* [Functional Kats](http://www.meetup.com/nyc-fsharp/)
* [F#unctional Londoners meetup group](http://www.meetup.com/FSharpLondon/)
* Other user groups about programming languages that have no cats with capes on their logos :D

***

### Resources


<script>
  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-46761189-1', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');

</script>

Commit message:

presentation notes from the call

presentation/slides/index.md, after:

- title : DRAGON TREATS: THE BLENDING OF THE PARADIGMS 
- description : A talk about dragons and treats and F#
- author : Andrea Magnorsky, Ross McKinlay
- theme : solarized
- transition : default

***
![dragons](images/dragon.jpg)


' thanks for coming to this talk

***
- data-background : images/blending.jpg
- data-background-size : 1500px

## DRAGON TREATS: 
### ~ THE BLENDING OF THE PARADIGMS ~ 

### F# Exchange - April 2016

***
## Dragons Treats

![m](https://dragonicecreamtreats.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/dragon-master-e1407382525282.jpg)

' how Dragon treats came to be


***
## Treats

' gameplay 
***
## What is in a game


' how does the game work from a technical point of view


***

## Why SDL

' mention ernest
' what is sdl high level
' game loop
' cross platform
' conflict between the two paradigm

' mention some of the stuff 
' inmutable vs imperative

***
## Steering Behaviours : Seek

---

## Wander

***

## Quad Trees



***
## Artificial stupidity

## Path finding 

' steering behaviour easy because functional and  
' path finding not so 
' shared mutable states
' use sorted set 
' use manhatan distance
' can we use some fewer types 



***

## some sort of conclusion?

***

## Events and User Groups

![fk](images/fk.jpeg)

* [Functional Kats](http://www.meetup.com/nyc-fsharp/)
* [F#unctional Londoners meetup group](http://www.meetup.com/FSharpLondon/)
* Other user groups about programming languages that have no cats with capes on their logos :D

***

### Resources


<script>
  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-46761189-1', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');

</script>
